README.md, before:

# The Groxio Programmer Passport

[The Groxio](https://grox.io) is a small company of educators, language geeks and authors who want to change the way people teach and learn languages and you can see more [about Groxio](https://grox.io/about).

#### Groxio: Career Fuel for Curious Coders
Science-backed `Elixir-focused training` and `guided self study` for `Elixir, LiveView, and more` to help you unlock your own potential.

#### The Dreyfus Learning Model:
Programmers of different skill levels think differently, `so they must learn differently`.
Groxio's self-guided courses `embrace coders at different levels` with videos, books, and resource links.

#### Levels
1. Beginner
2. Novice
3. Competent
4. Advanced
5. Master

#### Programmer Passport Language Guides
Different Media Types for Accelerated Learning
In partnership with the [Pragmatic Bookshelf](https://pragprog.com)

__How It Works__: See the `book, videos, projects, exercises, and other web resources` in action in one of our guides.
__A Mini E-book__: `Beyond the trivial`, learn what makes each language tick in a book edited by the `Pragmatic Bookshelf`.
__Videos__: Each language comes with at least `two private videos`. Check [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE5KlC4hhy_QlXEYPgRKvVA) to see a few free ones.

#### Languages and Schedule, 2019-2020 Edition
Ideas Shaping Computing

1. Crystal
2. Pony
3. Prolog
4. Elixir
5. OTP
6. LiveView

#### Languages and Schedule, 2020-2021 Edition
Machine Learning and Elixir Core Technologies

1. Julia
2. Nerves
3. Python
4. Ecto
5. TensorFlow
6. Elixir Testing

Commit message:

add elixir and phoenix version

README.md, after:

# The Groxio Programmer Passport

[The Groxio](https://grox.io) is a small company of educators, language geeks and authors who want to change the way people teach and learn languages and you can see more [about Groxio](https://grox.io/about).

#### Groxio: Career Fuel for Curious Coders
Science-backed `Elixir-focused training` and `guided self study` for `Elixir, LiveView, and more` to help you unlock your own potential.

#### The Dreyfus Learning Model:
Programmers of different skill levels think differently, `so they must learn differently`.
Groxio's self-guided courses `embrace coders at different levels` with videos, books, and resource links.

#### Levels
1. Beginner
2. Novice
3. Competent
4. Advanced
5. Master

#### Programmer Passport Language Guides
Different Media Types for Accelerated Learning
In partnership with the [Pragmatic Bookshelf](https://pragprog.com)

__How It Works__: See the `book, videos, projects, exercises, and other web resources` in action in one of our guides.
__A Mini E-book__: `Beyond the trivial`, learn what makes each language tick in a book edited by the `Pragmatic Bookshelf`.
__Videos__: Each language comes with at least `two private videos`. Check [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE5KlC4hhy_QlXEYPgRKvVA) to see a few free ones.

#### Languages and Schedule, 2019-2020 Edition
Ideas Shaping Computing

1. Crystal
2. Pony
3. Prolog
4. Elixir - (The Elixir Version 1.10.4-otp-22)
5. OTP - (The Elixir Version 1.10.4-otp-22)
6. LiveView - (The Elixir Version 1.10.4-otp-22 | The Phoenix Version 1.5.3)

#### Languages and Schedule, 2020-2021 Edition
Machine Learning and Elixir Core Technologies

1. Julia
2. Nerves
3. Python
4. Ecto
5. TensorFlow
6. Elixir Testing
